Update to discrete irrational extension (#1250)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000063/properties/P000146.md

---
space: S000063
property: P000146
value: true
---

Let $\mathcal U$ be any open cover of $X$.
Fix an enumeration $\{q_n:n<\omega\}$ of rational numbers.
We proceed by induction on $n<\omega$. There are two possibilities:
- if $q_n\in \bigcup_{k<n} I_k$, then we put $I_n:=\emptyset$;

> - if $q_n\notin \bigcup_{k<n} I_k$, then we set $I_n\ni q_n$ to be an interval with irrational ends, contained in an element of $\mathcal U$
> and disjoint with $\bigcup_{k<n} I_k$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if $q_n\notin \bigcup_{k<n} I_k$, then we set $I_n\ni q_n$ to be an interval with irrational endpoints, contained in an element of $\mathcal U$
and disjoint from $\bigcup_{k<n} I_k$.
```
